c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\webapi2Tarea.dll.config
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\webapi2Tarea.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\webapi2Tarea.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\obj\Debug\webapi2Tarea.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\obj\Debug\webapi2Tarea.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\obj\Debug\webapi2Tarea.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\ignacio.jeria\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\ignacio.jeria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\ignacio.jeria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\ignacio.jeria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\ignacio.jeria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\ignacio.jeria\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\webapi2Tarea\webapi2Tarea\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
